[Rust] Preparing docs for release (#1156)
Azure/iot-operations-sdks: rust/azure_iot_operations_connector/README.md

# Azure IoT Operations - Connector
Framework for building Azure IoT Operations connectors that handle device discovery, asset definitions, and data transformation.

[Examples](examples) |
[Release Notes](https://github.com/Azure/iot-operations-sdks/releases?q=rust%2Fconnector&expanded=true)

## Overview

The Azure IoT Operations Connector framework provides:

- **Base Connector**: Handles device endpoint and asset lifecycle management from Azure Device Registry

> - **ADR Discovery**: Automatically discovers and manages device definitions and asset configurations  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ADR Discovery**: Provides functionality to discover and manage discovered device and asset definitions
```

- **Data Operations**: Supports datasets, events, and streams with schema validation

> - **Status Reporting**: Reports connector and asset status back to Azure Device Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Status Reporting**: Reports device, endpoint, and asset status back to Azure Device Registry
```
